Once you have the BSMD active nodes running the network it is time to set its characteristics. 
We need to create domains, assets, passive nodes, among others. The first step is to set the
 domain and asset names. Then we create the domains and passive nodes.

# Configuration

In the file [iroha_config.py](iroha_config.py) set all configuration variables

`network`: setup the IP of one active node \
`admin_private_key`: hardcoded key of the administrator of the network \
`iroha_admin`: local address of the administrator of the cBSMD \
`default_role`: default privileges of new users

Here, also set the names of all domains and assets (tokens). See [iroha_config.py](iroha_config.py) 
for a deeper understanding. 

# Setup
In the file [setup.py](setup.py) create the domains, create the nodes and set additional 
permissions. The first step is to create domains and assets in the domain with the function
`create_domain_and_asset`. 

Then we can create passive nodes with an initial amount of assets (tokes). In order to create 
a node you need to create a private key with `IrohaCrypto.private_key()`. Private keys are use
to sign all transactions and nodes can only have one private key per domain. 

To derive a public from the private key use `IrohaCrypto.derive_public_key(node_private_key)`.
Public keys are use to identify nodes in the ledger.

Once private and public keys are set, the administrator node can create nodes with:
1. `create_account_with_assets`: create a passive node with a initial amount of assets (tokes)
1. `create_account`: create a passive node with no assets
See [setup.py](setup.py) for a deeper understanding. 

To start using the cBSMD run: `python3 setup.py`

# Examples

In the [examples.py](examples.py) you will find some examples of the operations you can do 
with the cBSMD, before start exploring the example run `python3 setup.py` to setup the cBSMD.
 
In the first part we create two individual nodes (David and Johannes) and 
one vehicle node (Fiesta.. as in Ford Fiesta). We create nodes with the function
```python
create_account_with_assets(domain, node_name, node_private_key, asset_name, asset_quantity)

``` 
1. `domain`: name of the domain in where you want to create a node. The domain must be 
previously create by the `setup.py` file 
1. `node_name`: name of the node you want to create. The name must be small-caps
1. `node_private_key`: private key of the node. Create private key with `IrohaCrypto.private_key()`
2. `asset_name`: name of the asset you want to add to the node. The asset must be 
previously create by the `setup.py` file.
1. `asset_quantity`: number of assets you want to assing to the node

After the creation of the passive nodes, we make a transactions of assets. You can only 
transfer assets in the same domain, i.e., only node that lives in the same domain can 
trasfers the asset of the domain
```python
transfer_assets(domain, name, private_key, to_name, asset_name, asset_quantity, message)

```
1. `domain` name of the domain from where the node is sending the assets
2. `name` name of the node who is sending the assets
3. `private_key`:  private key of the node for sign the transaction
4. `to_name`: name of the node receiving the assets
5. `asset_name`: name of the asset to be transferred
5. `quantity`: Number of assets we want to transfer
5. `description`: Message to explain the transactions (e.g. pay debt, pay carbon credits)

In the cBSMD is possible for user to record his own information with given characteristics.
```python
set_detail(domain, name, private_key, detail_key, detail_value)
```
1. `domain`: name of the domain where the node wants to set a detail
2. `name`: name of the node doing the trip
3. `private_key`: Private key of the node
4. `detail_key`: Name of the detail we want to set
5. `detail_value`: Characteristics of the detail. This can store a Json with at most 4096 
characters

In the example Johannes record a trip he made with the total amount to CO2.

The cBSMD also admits to other passive nodes make transactions on your behalf. This is useful
for transfer information that was not generated by you but is related to you. For example, if 
you made a taxi trip, the taxi can set for you the carbon you expend on the trip.

NEED TO EXPLAIN THAT THE NODE NEED TO GIVE PERMISSION TO WRITE ON HIS BEHALF. 

```python
set_detail_to_node(domain, name, private_key, to_domain, to_name, detail_key, detail_value)
```
1. `domain`: name of the domain where the node wants to set a detail
2. `name`: name of the node who is doing the record on your behalf
4. `private_key`: private key of the node doing the transactions
1. `to_domain`: name of domain where is the receptor of the information 
1. `to_name`: name of the receptor
1. `detail_key`: Name of the detail we want to set
1. `detail_value`: Characteristics of the detail. This can store a Json with at most 4096 
characters
 